feat(auth): Add documentation for next step in auth (#2936)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_next_steps/10_signin.md

> The signin apis if it succeeds you will get back an associated value of type `AuthSignInResult`, and you can access the next step through the property `nextStep` of `AuthSignInResult`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When called successfully, the signin APIs will return an `AuthSignInResult`. Inspect the `nextStep` property in the result to see if additional signin steps required.
```

Reviewer 2: minor grammar fix: "to see if additional signin steps are required"

```swift
func signIn(username: String, password: String) {
    Amplify.Auth.signIn(username: username, password: password) { result in
        switch result {
        case .success(signinResult):

>             print("Next step = ")

Reviewer: This example code is missing a critical part, no?
```suggestion
            print("Next step = \(signInResult.nextStep)")
```
Other thought: does it make sense to `switch` over the various possible next steps, here?

Author: Changed to switch statement...

        case .failure(let error):
            print("Sign in failed \(error)")
        }
    }
}
```

> The next step property is an enum of type `AuthSignInStep`, based on the value you can perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nextStep` property is of enum type `AuthSignInStep`. Depending on its value, your code should take one of the following actions:
```

Author: Updated
